[Music]
um
i shot santa claus in the face he's real
and i shot him in the face
what do you want to see my room
ah married he's singled out bye sorry i
don't date black guys
what what are you doing what
my daughter's in there
neil patrick harris welcome to heaven
i'm jesus
jesus christ they practically run this
place
oh for reals i mean my dad owns it but
i'm kind of number oh you're one of
those
watch out
[Music]
who are those guys
i think i was trying to trip out a
little bit those kids put something in
here
dude we claymated awesome
oh my god this is like that scene from a
christmas story how does this happen oh
is it is it like the same
christmas story i'm sorry dude oh just
walk it off i don't know hasn't the
whole 3d thing jumped the shark by now
you don't understand
it makes avatar look avatar
it's going to be amazing who are you
looking at
[Music]
we wish you a merry christmas i told you
still a lot
what are you talking about we saw you
get shot in that whorehouse in texas
you branded a prostitute remember you
have to be more specific
a very harold and kumar 3d christmas
in 3d watch take your sweater off for a
massage
just a couple girlfriends okay get off
of me oh
i thought you were gay i am gay gay for
that
against the monkeys
[Music]
you